updating Bt's with the selectors (#519)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: migration/Iron.rst

`PR #4021 <https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/pull/4021>`_ introduces a new type of controller for differential robots based on a pose-following kinematic control law that generates a smooth and confortable trajectory.

See :ref:`configuring_graceful_motion_controller` for more information.

New RViz Plugin for selecting Planners, Controllers, Goal Checkers, and Smoothers
*********************************************************************************

`In PR #4091 <https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/pull/4091>`_ a new RViz plugin was added to select the planner, controller, goal checker, and smoother on the fly.

> The primarly goal of this plugin is to facilitate the developers and integrators to easily test their configuration before deploying the robot in the intended application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary goal of this plugin is to facilitate the developers and easy integration testing of their configuration before deploying the robot in the intended application.
```
